PMM-13575 doc pbm metric self label (#3772)
percona/pmm: documentation/docs/release-notes/3.1.0.md

- [PMM-12356](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-12356) - Enabled Editor role users to view Advisors insights while maintaining Admin-only control over running and modifying them.

> - [PMM-13575](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-13575) - The PBM agent status metric(`mongodb_pbm_agent_status`) in MongoDB exporter now reports an additional `self` label to show when the agent is reporting the metric for itself or other PBM agents in the cluster. This `self` label is set to `1` when the agent is reporting the metric for itself and `0` otherwise..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PMM-13575](https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-13575) - The `mongodb_pbm_agent_status` metric in MongoDB exporter now includes a `self` label to differentiate between an agent reporting its own status versus reporting status of other agents in the cluster. The `self` label is set to `1` when the agent is reporting about itself, and to `0` when reporting about other agents. This helps identify more precisely which specific agent is experiencing problems without false positives on functioning nodes. 
```
